# MachineLearning
1. In the first research, the objective is to study/analyze a dataset containing details of smartphone features and their relationships for predicting its price using algorithms such as Logistic regression and K Nearest Neighbors. It is further used on unseen test data to forecast the price of the product. Multiple python libraries such as pandas, NumPy, Seaborn, Scikitlearn, and Matplotlib were used for handling multi-dimensional arrays, data manipulation, data visualization, implementing machine learning models & validating the results to get classification parameters. In conclusion, I was able to note that both Logistic regression and KNN had their own strengths/ weakness. Logistic regression was quicker to train with our mid-sized dataset and suited for problems with linear boundaries, but it has its limitations to classify with large complex datasets. In contrast, the challenge I faced with KNN is that it was a bit slow with its 
predictions due to its one-by-one iteration of data points and impacting the model performance for large datasets. Having said that KNN can be used for regression problems as well, where Logistic regression will not be very useful. It is found that a single algorithm cannot solve all these machine-learning problems and each problem needs its own study, data processing, analysis, prediction, regularisation, etc.

2. In the second research, the dataset is about the USA police officers work in stopping traffic for search and violations. In USA, there are accusations of bias towards certain ethnic groups such as black community, gender, and misusing of 
policing power towards them. Inferring this causal structure through Structural learning will help in countering the assumed facts, analysing it, predicting certain outcomes with conclusive evidence for rectifying current system’s risks and fixing it using new policy recommendations.
